hello Luke Zilla speaking also known as
the owner of I craft SMP were
approaching the start of season three
and are looking for some new members if
you're interested in joining a strong
community full of amazing youtubers now
is your chance this event will run from
June eighteenth to July eighteenth so
don't miss out in the description there
is a link to a forum where you can apply
you will need to tell us some info
including your channel link and skype
name you will also be required to show
us a mini tour of a creative or survival
world that you're currently working on
you can record it and upload it unlisted
if you'd like we are a youtuber and
streamer only smps so please only apply
if you are one we're looking for members
who will be active and help our
community grow even stronger things we
will take into consideration when
picking new members include channel art
number of videos frequency of videos
video effort my quality and personality
we do not care about subscriber counts
keep in mind that you will not be
accepted if you're already on a
youtubers SMP good luck to all of you
and help to see you for season 3 let the
application begin